Place order producer (#85)
KenyeresKornel/bonnie: README.md

   bash:   - mvn jasypt:encrypt-value -Djasypt.encryptor.password=$BONNEE_MASTER_PWD -Djasypt.encryptor.algorithm=PBEWithMD5AndDES -Djasypt.plugin.value=$POSTGRES_PWD
   3. Grab the output value of each, (it starts with ENC(..., ) then place into the application properties file
   e.g: spring.datasource.password=ENC(6KpVjqrPwKvLt/5Cjo2ZHg==)

Possible error:

> No jasypt.plugin.value property provided -> Add "..." around the parameters like: 

Reviewer: I was looking for the ellipsis ( `...` ) in the following line, until I figured out you meant double quotes.

What do you think about the following wording?
```suggestion
Add double quotes ( " ) around the parameters, like shown in the following line:
```
